hi my name's Steve and tonight I'm going
to show you how to remove an Isis crank
from your swing indoor cycle bike and
these are the tools that you'll need I
need a black crank on tool a CCP 44 made
for an Isis crank a set of Allen
wrenches an adjustable wrench and a
little bit of lubricant it never hurts
anything okay
first thing you're gonna do is you're
gonna use your allen wrench to remove
the Allen bolt from the center of your
crank turning it counterclockwise once
you remove this take it out and set it
down on the bench because you're gonna
need it when you reinstall it the next
thing you're going to do is you're going
to take your crank cool and you're gonna
loosen the two pieces you don't need to
take it off but you need to loosen it
significantly okay because there's a nut
and then there's a handle and what
you're gonna do is you're gonna take
this nut you're gonna screw it into your
crank like so and it's often a good idea
to use some lubricant to make sure that
is screws in straight and easy and you
do not want to cross thread your tool so
we always recommend hands writing it in
it's buttoned in by hand as far as you
can then take an adjustable wrench and
snug up to till it's nice and snug it
doesn't need to be right there
not as far in as you can screw it then
hold onto your crank arm and turn the
black handle clockwise keep turning it
and it will remove your crank in the
bottom bracket now your crank tool is
still going to be in the client you're
gonna have it in your hand take your
open under wrench unscrew it a couple
times
and you should be able to remove it with
your hand and now have removed your ISIS
crank from your swing indoor cycle